bpo-42259: clarify pprint saferepr docs (#30256)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pprint.rst

.. function:: isrecursive(object)

   Determine if *object* requires a recursive representation.  This function is
   subject to the same limitations as noted in :func:`saferepr` below and may raise an
   :exc:`RecursionError` if it fails to detect a recursive object.

One more support function is also defined:

.. function:: saferepr(object)

   Return a string representation of *object*, protected against recursion in

>    some common data structures, namely :class:`~object.dict`, :class:`~object.list`
>    and :class:`~object.tuple` whose ``__repr__`` has not been overridden.  If the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   some common data structures, namely instances of :class:`dict`, :class:`list`
   and :class:`tuple` or subclasses whose ``__repr__`` has not been overridden.  If the
```
Fix links and clarify

   recursive reference will be represented as ``<Recursion on typename with
   id=number>``.  The representation is not otherwise formatted.

   Note that for recursive protection to apply, data structures have to be
   subclassed from :class:`~object.dict`, :class:`~object.list` or

>    :class:`~object.tuple` and the ``__repr__`` method must not be overriden.

Author: sp: overridden

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can merge this with the previous paragraph, like:

Return a string representation of *object*, protected against recursion in some common data
   structures, namely :class:`~object.dict`, :class:`~object.list` and  :class:`~object.tuple` whose
``__repr__`` has not been overridden.  If the representation of *object* exposes a recursive entry, the
    recursive reference will be represented as ``<Recursion on typename with  id=number>``.  The
representation is not otherwise formatted.

Does that read better?

Author: Sounds good to me, pushed the change. Also I noticed that isrecursive() is subject to same limitations, so I've added a short note referencing `saferepr()`.
